# Profiting

If the whole world collapses with chaos, there's no point in profiting off of a world that seizes to be. Even if you had money, access, & power...where are you going to spend it? The small business or the shiny products you broke that now have to lay people off because of your greed breaking their bank? What vacation are you going to take? In that gorgeous city filled with happy and culturally enriched experience that you collapsed to fear & unmerciful robery? Which girl or guy are you going to get now? The ones whose family you just broke down financially, emotionally, & psychologically? Which car or house are you going to get? The one that the law, consumer protection, & civility peace keepers just lost the entire staff on because the damage you did hurt their kids, community, & spirit? Which things will you now own and dominate that will be protected as yours wherever you go? Which sleep do you plan on resting on? The one in the town that's being digitally looted, collectively shamed and deprived of their humanity, and ruined of the furure hope and faith they had in the system?

Let me know. Until you figure these things out, I'd encourage you to raise your hand and try to be a part of fixing, refurbishing, and slowly renovating the world around you.

There is no number to call; there is no pat on the back; and there is no pillow for getting your proposals and ego shot down. You'll feel pissed, angry, and even vengiful thay people take your kind offering of time, talent, and heart for granted and slap you in the face by insulting your kind gesture. I've been there; and yet I'm still here - trying, for you and for all of us.

I promise we'll celebrate you when the time comes but sometimes that may be beyond your life here and even mine. If that's the case, then I'll offer a couch and a meal on me for your friends and family if they deplete theirs fighting the optomist fight. No hand outs and not charity; but the world needs the hero in you. The world needs you to not invent or reinvent but to restore, revive, and revitalize the world around you. That; now that is a true hero in my eyes. One that I'll be telling legendary stories of for the generations to come.

Don't take a stand and don't rush to a solution; just look inwards. What scares you and what worries you right now? You know - I bet you'd be surprised that it does for me too. I'm just too embaressed, scared, and shy to tell you or anyone for that matter. So now you know - you already have 1 person telling you so. Wanna bet to see how many more there are? Look, ask, & don't be afraid of the pause between both
